this is the infinity case by second
shells this one is a milltek material if
we take a look at it this has these
little bumps which give it a nice
non-slip grip this one happens to be in
bronze the bronzes has these little
black lines in between it so it kind of
gives it a nice looking case if we look
in the back it's got the camera hole in
the back I'll go ahead and open it up
when we opened it up we see that this a
nice felt material over here as well as
the felt material over here this
prevents any kind of scratches or
scrapes that actually will tablet itself
which is pretty neat in addition the
felt material goes all the way around so
it's actually in here and in on top over
here so it's actually prevents any kind
of damage to the screen itself what I'm
going to go ahead and do is I want to
put my tablet in there there's a little
velcro enclosure slides in then it
straps in just like that so now it's
nice and steady if you look at it it's
got a nice magnetic closure so it
doesn't actually ever open up in
addition the reason why it's called
infinity case is that it has this and if
you can tell they have these little
velcro feet and these feet are designed
to position the tablet on any angle that
you choose okay so I'd like to do
something this fashion and actually I do
a little lower than this just like that
you see it has the military material
over here also and it's nice for typing
them type and I are pretty darn hard and
it still is not what's moving but it's
not folding or or breaking in any way
shape or form take a look at it like
this and it's very very thin and gives
you almost no both to the case maybe
about a quarter of an inch all together
yeah so this is the infinity case by
second shells comes in a couple
different colors this one is the bronze
color
Lee a nice feeling case